Geneva School of Economics and Management PhD thesis format
-----------------------------------------------------------

The gsemthesis LaTeX class is a PhD thesis template for the Geneva School of Economics and Management (GSEM), University of Geneva, Switzerland. The class provides utilities to easily set up the cover page, the front matter pages, the pages headers, etc. with respect to the official guidelines of the GSEM Faculty for writing PhD dissertations.


### Documentation

Information about the class are available at [http://emmanuel.rousseaux.me/gsemthesis](http://emmanuel.rousseaux.me/gsemthesis). You will find the up-to-date user manual of the class (pdf) as well as a starting example (with the .tex source).


### Official release

The official release is hosted on the [CTAN](http://www.ctan.org/tex-archive/macros/latex/contrib/gsemthesis). The class is available from TeXlive and MikTeX distributions.


### Development version

The development version is hosted on [GitHub](https://github.com/emmanuelrousseaux/gsemthesis). If you are interested in contributing to this class or if you want to beta test latest versions, please visit the repository.

The repository is organized as follows:

* The `src` folder contains the source files of the class (.dtx, .ins);
* The `cls` folder contains the class file (.cls) and the user manual (.pdf) generated by processing the source files;
* The `example` folder contains an example using all commands provided by the class. It is both for illustration and for testing purpose;
* The `example-minimal` folder contains a minimal working example (a simplified version of the standard example). This example is first tested here and then included in the user manual;
* The `dev` folder contains information about the development workflow to follow when contributing to the class. It provides tools (bash and batch scripts) facilitating the development, testing, and releasing the class. It also contains the current to-do list.


### License

This class has been written by Emmanuel Rousseaux with contributions from William Aeberhard and Tuan Nguyen.

This work is distributed under the LaTeX Project Public License (LPPL) ( http://www.latex-project.org/ ) version 1.3c, and may be freely used, distributed and modified. A copy of the LPPL, version 1.3c, is included in the base LaTeX documentation of all distributions of LaTeX released 2008-05-04 or later.


### Legal Notice

This code is offered as-is without any warranty either expressed or implied; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE! User assumes all risk.

In no event shall GSEM or any contributor to this code be liable for any damages or losses, including, but not limited to, incidental, consequential, or any other damages, resulting from the use or misuse of any information contained here.
